inputs/sdg14/README.md, before:

# SDG 14 sources

## catches_fishing_sector.csv

URL: http://api.seaaroundus.org/api/v1/global/tonnage/sector/?format=csv&limit=10&sciname=&region_id=1

Linked from: http://www.seaaroundus.org/data/#/global?chart=catch-chart&dimension=sector&measure=tonnage&limit=10

## indicator_14_4_1.xlsx

URL: https://unstats.un.org/sdgs/indicators/database/?indicator=14.4.1 (link "Excel")

## Hypoxic-Eutrophic Updated Oct 2017.xlsx

Contact Prof. Robert Diaz http://www.vims.edu/research/topics/dead_zones/index.php

## sea-surface-temp_fig-1.csv

URL: https://www.epa.gov/sites/production/files/2016-08/sea-surface-temp_fig-1.csv

Linked from: https://www.epa.gov/climate-indicators/climate-change-indicators-sea-surface-temperature

## bom_gbr_temp_anomaly_latest.txt

URL: http://www.bom.gov.au/web01/ncc/www/cli_chg/timeseries/sst/0112/GBR/latest.txt

Linked from: http://www.bom.gov.au/climate/change/index.shtml#tabs=Tracker&tracker=timeseries&tQ=graph%3Dsst%26area%3DGBR%26season%3D0112%26ave_yr%3D0

Commit message:

Add notes on data terms.

inputs/sdg14/README.md, after:

# SDG 14 sources

## catches_fishing_sector.csv

URL: http://api.seaaroundus.org/api/v1/global/tonnage/sector/?format=csv&limit=10&sciname=&region_id=1

Linked from & terms of use: http://www.seaaroundus.org/data/#/global?chart=catch-chart&dimension=sector&measure=tonnage&limit=10

## indicator_14_4_1.xlsx

Linked from & terms of use: https://unstats.un.org/sdgs/indicators/database/?indicator=14.4.1

## Hypoxic-Eutrophic Updated Oct 2017.xlsx

Terms of use may apply - contact Prof. Robert Diaz http://www.vims.edu/research/topics/dead_zones/index.php

## sea-surface-temp_fig-1.csv

URL: https://www.epa.gov/sites/production/files/2016-08/sea-surface-temp_fig-1.csv

Linked from & terms of use: https://www.epa.gov/climate-indicators/climate-change-indicators-sea-surface-temperature

## bom_gbr_temp_anomaly_latest.txt

URL: http://www.bom.gov.au/web01/ncc/www/cli_chg/timeseries/sst/0112/GBR/latest.txt

Linked from & terms of use: http://www.bom.gov.au/climate/change/index.shtml#tabs=Tracker&tracker=timeseries&tQ=graph%3Dsst%26area%3DGBR%26season%3D0112%26ave_yr%3D0
